# Version 3.0.0

## Redesigned CLI

Bodywork's CLI commands have been completely re-worked to make them more intuitive and less verbose. You can now deploy a pipeline on a fresh Kubernetes cluster using nothing more than,

```text
$ bw create deployment "https://github.com/my-corp/my-classifier-pipeline"
```

We've also improved the presentation quality and information content of deployment queries and logs, to make it easier to manage active deployments. Full information can be found in the [User Guide](../user_guide.md) and [CLI Reference](../cli_reference.md).

## Updated `bodywork.yaml` Schema

Bodywork 3.0.0 and above requires version `1.1` of the `bodywork.yaml` schema. The changes are as follows:

- The `project` section has been renamed to `pipeline`, to better reflect what is being configured.
- You can now specify an optional `pipeline.secrets_group` parameter, to specify the secrets group to use for the deployment - e.g., `dev` or `prod` (see below for more information on secret groups).

See the example in the [User Guide](../user_guide.md) for more information.

## Run Jupyter Notebooks as Stages

Bodywork now supports the use of Jupyter notebooks for defining pipeline stages. Just specify the `*.ipynb` file you want to run for your stage using the `executable_module_path` stage configuration parameter.

## Enhanced Secrets Management with Groups

You can now assign secrets to groups - e.g., `dev`, `prod`, etc - to make it easier to switch between development environments. The secrets group to use for a deployment can be selected using the `pipeline.secrets_group` parameter in `bodywork.yaml`. See [Managing Secrets](../user_guide.md#managing-secrets) in the User Guide for more information.

## Better Support for Working with Private Git Repositories

Working with private Git repositories (via SSH), is now as easy as,

```text
$ bw create deployment "git@github.com:my-corp/my-classifier-pipeline.git" \
    --ssh PATH_TO_MY_PRIVATE_SSH_KEY
```

No more fiddling around with environment variables!

## Other Improvements and Bug Fixes

- There's now an alias for the `bodywork` command - you can now use `bw` to save on typing.
- Full support for pipelines developed using Python 3.9.
- We've upgraded to the latest version of the [Kubernetes Python client](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python), which supports Kubernetes v1.19 to v1.22.
